docs/README.md, before:

# Shark Robot Maze

A top-down 3D browser game where you control a shark, eat fish, avoid robots, and collect powerups in a dynamic maze. Built with Babylon.js and TypeScript.

## Features
- Maze-based gameplay with axis-aligned movement
- AI-controlled robot enemies
- Powerups and hazards
- Visual and audio FX
- Automated testing and strict coding standards

## Requirements
See `requirements.md` for the full design spec.

## Getting Started
1. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone <repo-url>
   cd shark-robot-maze
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Run the development server:
   ```sh
   npm run start
   ```
4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Scripts
- `npm run start` – Start the dev server
- `npm run build` – Build for production
- `npm run lint` – Lint code
- `npm run format` – Format code
- `npm test` – Run tests

## Contributing
See `CONTRIBUTING.md` for coding standards and contribution guidelines.

## License
MIT

Commit message:

Add Codex setup script and update docs

docs/README.md, after:

# Shark Robot Maze

A top-down 3D browser game where you control a shark, eat fish, avoid robots, and collect powerups in a dynamic maze. Built with Babylon.js and TypeScript.

## Features
- Maze-based gameplay with axis-aligned movement
- AI-controlled robot enemies
- Powerups and hazards
- Visual and audio FX
- Automated testing and strict coding standards

## Requirements
See `requirements.md` for the full design spec.

## Getting Started
1. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone <repo-url>
   cd shark-robot-maze
   ```
2. Install dependencies. Normally run:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
   In the Codex sandbox, ensure networking is enabled and run:
   ```sh
   scripts/setup-codex.sh
   ```
3. Run the development server:
   ```sh
   npm run start
   ```
4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Scripts
- `npm run start` – Start the dev server
- `npm run build` – Build for production
- `npm run lint` – Lint code
- `npm run format` – Format code
- `npm test` – Run tests

## Contributing
See `CONTRIBUTING.md` for coding standards and contribution guidelines.

## License
MIT
